milestone-2.md, before:

#### Milestone 2

<b>Audience:</b> Mainstream Consumers.
<b>Overview:</b> Your self-described luddite friend finds Peerlio from a web search, after a brief chat with the Peerfolio Agent, Friend is convinced that they will use Peerfolio as their first venture into acquiring crypto.


#### Major enhancements:
- Product Design for multiplayer mode
- Technical design support for mainstream consumers - see below
- [Auto execute conditional swap goals given market conditions](https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/26)
- [Support ETH, SOL, XRP, and BTC in the deposit to token aquisition flow](https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/74)
- Adds [withdraw all / close your trading account](https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/75)
- Adds [SMS Notifications] (https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/73)
- [Support withdrawal of select tokens to their external wallets](https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/76)



#### Questions:
1. How many of these features should we implement before we begin migrating to Jacob's UI Designs?
1. When/if-ever do onboarding preferences come into play?



##### Passkey-based onboarding flow for mainstream consumers
  - via a passkey-based onboarding flow. create a flow diagram to vet the use of webAuthn and fully plan this architecture.

Commit message:

capturing the scope of 2 as issues and updating the scope of 3

milestone-2.md, after:

#### Milestone 2

<b>Audience:</b> Mainstream Consumers.
<b>Overview:</b> Your self-described luddite friend finds Peerlio from a web search, after a brief chat with the Peerfolio Agent, Friend is convinced that they will use Peerfolio as their first venture into acquiring crypto.


#### Major enhancements:
- Product Design for multiplayer mode
- [Begin implementing the latest designs](https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/90)
- [Define the scope of UX for crypto-natives vs mainstream consumers](https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/87)
- [Include the fiat-to-crypto deposit flows in the latest designs](https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/88)
- [Auto execute conditional swap goals given market conditions](https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/26)
- [Support ETH, SOL, XRP, and BTC in the deposit to token aquisition flow](https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/74)
- Adds [withdraw all / close your trading account](https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/75)
- Adds [SMS Notifications](https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/73)
- [Support withdrawal of select tokens to their external wallets](https://github.com/beneviolabs/ft-allowance-agent/issues/76)



#### Questions:
1. When/if-ever do onboarding preferences come into play?
